
Epic: Tier 1 Release
    Theme: Admin is able to manage multiple scavenger hunts
    User Stories:
        1. As an Admin, I want to be able to see all the hunts in the system and their status so that I can manage them effectively
           1. Should be able to sort the list by date created (oldest first or newest first), only active hunts, only expired hunts, only pending hunts, date started (oldest first or newest first)
        2. As an Admin, I want to be able to create a new hunt
           1. Set a start date and an end date
           2. Assign a title and theme
           3. Set the invitation text that is included in player invitations
           4. Assign a list of tasks players are to perform
              1. A task consists of a label displayed to players, the Lat/long of the location where they perform the task (must be precise enough to establish if someone is within 50 feet of it), a QR code value which must be human consumable and relevant to the task in question, a QR code which encodes the value
           5. Set the order the list appears to players during the hunt
           6. Assign a url for the hunt
        3. As an Admin, I want to be able to edit an existing hunt
           1. Can only edit hunts that are Pending or Active
           2. Admin can edit any part of the hunt except the status and creation date
           3. If an admin changes the status to Active, all the players associated with the hunt at that moment will receive a text message telling the hunt has started
        4. As an Admin, I want to be able to quickly create accounts for a list of people so that I don’t have to manually enter each person
           1. Create a new account using a person’s email address and phone number
           2. Find an existing account using a person’s email address and phone number
           3. Find an existing account using a person’s access code
           4. Invite someone to participate in a hunt by sending the hunt’s url and a invitation message to their email, then to send their unique access code to their phone via text message
           5. A player’s access code is unique to the hunt they are invited into (they can have multiple access code but each code goes to a different hunt)
           6. Access codes can be active or disabled or pending invite
        5. As an Admin, I want to be able to invite one or more people to play in a specific hunt so that I can control/manage who is involved


    Theme: User is able to play in a scavenger hunt
    User Stories:
        1. As a Player, I want to be able to join a hunt so I can participate
           1. All players have an access code that is unique to them and a specific hunt
           2. The player enters that code on the hunt url page in order to play
        2. As a Player, I want to be able to team up with other people so we can participate in the hunt as a group
           1. More than one person can use the same access code at the same time on different devices in order to “play as a team”
           2. Player screens need to be refreshed so they can see progress other team members have made
        3. As a Player, I want to be able to easily record in the game that I completed one of the tasks in the hunt so that I can get credit for my progress
           1. For the first release, all tasks are locations the player must go to
           2. If the player has location enabled, they can hit “I am here” to compare their location to the lat/long associated with the list of locations in the hunt  (must be within 50 feet)
           3. If the player has a camera enabled, they can hit “scan QR Code” to read in the QR code symbol located at the hunt location
           4. Alternatively, the player can enter the text that appears below the QR code symbol located at the hunt location
           5. The player should be given a status of their submission
              1. Valid entry, progress is recorded 
                 1. A valid entry updates their status on the server with a timestamp
              2. Invalid entry, no progress recorded
              3. Unable to validate, no internet connection
        4. As a Player, I want to be able to see how well I’m doing compared to other players so that I can be competitive
           1. A player that is logged in, can see the list of tasks associated with the hunt
           2. The list is automatically ordered to show unfinished tasks first
        5. As a Player, I want to be able to see, on a map, which task locations I have visited and which ones I haven’t so that I can determine where to go next 
        6. As a Player, I want to be able to customize my username and profile picture so that I can manage the identity others can see for me
