WCK- your use of the term Requirement instead of Iteration threw me off for a bit. It looks like you are working from the center out; 
starting with your server side modeling, then server side logic, then adding client side connections to the server, etc.
I agree with having the admin console last. That is a good call.
I'm not sure about server side logic without having anything to initiate it but I guess you would use test drivers to prove
out the paths (mimic of an API?). 
The only real down side I see to your approach is that a customer has nothing "tangible" to interact with or look at.
Thus, they may not feel like progress is getting made plus they have little to provide feedback on until several iterations in.


BucHunt Iteration Group 3 

Team Members: Christian Calhoun, Drew Dorris, Brandon Beaudry, Micah Crawford, Victoria Dixon, Liam Whitelaw, Raj Patel 

Requirements: 

Requirement 0  

Create basic interface for testing so we can implement and test internal functionality before we work on a UI 

--Basic functional UI (I.e., WriteLine) 

Requirement 1 

Needed to generate server logic, required for functionality of all future steps 

--Establish basic server logic 

--Communication from user to server and vice versa 

Requirement 2 

Hunt functionality requires email and text messaging in order to join clients 

--Basic email and text message architecture 

Requirement 3 

The basic data types are required for further internal implementation of the features of the app 

--Basic data types (Hunt, Task, etc.) 

Requirement 4 

This is the primary interaction for all users of this service; therefore, it needs to be completed early on 

--Functionality of data types being interacted with and interacting with other data types (i.e., Hunts containing tasks, tasks being marked complete, etc.) 

--Functionality of properties of data types, such as QR code data for tasks 

Requirement 5 

Assuming we have the internal functions of the program working, and just have the UI interface to complete, we will move on to the UI 

--Begin implementing UI for user (landing screen, buttons to different pages, etc.) 

Requirement 6 

Full user UI needed to cap off the solution; influenced by implementation decisions in prior iterations 

--Implement UI for interaction between user and data types (completing tasks in a hunt, scanning QR code, etc.) 

Requirement 7  

Admin UI is not critical, so it can be deferred 

--Begin UI implementation for administration 

--Implement UI for creation and editing of data types 

 

Questions: 

Does the length of your iterations factor into your choices? Explain. It was not a consideration as we planned, but in retrospect it likely would not have changed our decisions. Each requirement takes as long as it needs to take; therefore, no further requirements can proceed before prior requirements are satisfied. 

Does the size of your team factor into your choices? The size of our team did not have an impact on the choices we made. 

 
