WCK- Test cases should be in the form of test steps to be executed followed by an expected result.
Yours are questions that are mostly restatements of the requirements? They are mostly correct but just need to
be phrased differently. For example...
You say "Can the user launch missiles with only the right mouse button and space bar?";
Instead, you should have something like...
Click the right mouse button, verify one and only one missile is launched from the middle of the screen.
Click and hold the right mouse button, verify no missile is launched until you release the button.
Press the space bar, verify one and only one missile is launched from the middle of the screen.
etc. (all of the above would replace the one you wrote)


1.	Can the user launch missiles with only the right mouse button and space bar?
2.	Does the program prevent launching more than 5 active missiles at a time?
  a.	Do the missiles go inactive after leaving the screen?
3.	Is the speed constant for all missiles?
4.	Do the missiles launch from the center of the bottom of the screen in vertical direction?
5.	Does the program launch a ship when there are no active ships?
6.	Are the ships configurable and does the ship image update correctly?
7.	Do the ships launch from the top two thirds of the right or left side of the screen randomly based on the configurable rate?
8.	Do the ships travel in the correct direction horizontally?
9.	Does the program correctly generate a random ship from the available ship types?
10.	Do the ships travel at different speeds according to the ship type?
11.	Does the program limit the number of active ships on the screen to 10?
  a.	Do the ships become inactive after leaving the screen?
12.	Does the program detect and display an explosion at the location of the ship when a missile intersects it?
13.	Does the missile and ship disappear from the screen after a missile intersects it?
14.	Does the hit counter increment for every intercepted ship?
15.	Does the program end when the hit counter reaches 10, the user clicks the left mouse button or esc key, or if the user hasn’t launched a missile in the last 5 minutes?
